Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
Never gonna have a look at solving that naming problem.
You'll remember from the last example that when we created the chart,
the second time through it was called chart to,
but original recording macro called.
It's Chart one here and chart one here.
Now,
you would like to think that the name of an active chart restored in active chart dot name
.
Unfortunately,
that's just not the case s.
So what we're gonna do immediately after we've created it is in here.
This is where we want to change the name.
Now,
just to give you some idea of the amount of data that is incorporated into an active chart
,
I'm just going to create a watch on active chart and I'm just gonna execute echoed through
to that point.
So I'm just gonna come up to debug room to curse up,
run through the 1st 2 bits all the way down to here on active charts,
and you can see that we have a little plus in our watches.
Now it's prepare to be staggered.
These are all the different data points that are captured in an active chart on off each of
these.
We have an application with Mawr on Mawr on Mawr on there,
literally hundreds,
if not thousands of different properties to an active chart.
Okay,
so what I'm gonna do close that?
I think that's the point.
Made him delete what I've just done.
I'm going to save you an awful lot of time and tell you where the value actually lives and
it actually lives in active chart dot parent dot name.
So here,
I'm going to say active chart dot parent dot name equals I'm just gonna call it profit by
day by day chart on that will get around our problem each time someone call it profit by
day.
Charter.
Need to put that into quotes because this is actually going to be the name off the charts
of copy number replace child one with profit by day on route place chart one.
Their with profit by day on DNO.
Let's execute that code of deleted the one that we ran a little bit earlier.
So I'm just gonna debug run all the way through to their room to cancer.
Fate a fate a fate all the way through on.
There you go.
No,
Our code works perfectly,
and that is our newly created charting.
If I click on it,
you can see that it's called profit by day.
Now we looked at in the code,
scaling wherever that scum where we go,
Here we go,
the scaling,
and I've even put a comment in there that scaling is very untidy.
The most definitely is.
But luckily,
I have a really clever way to get the scaling to be absolutely pixel perfect on.
We're going to cover that in the next like shop,
so I'll see you that.